All right guys we're going to go ahead and make some doors and windows for our castle.
So let's create a new layer above our cylinders and then using our Lasso tool we are going to create
the shape of a doorway.
Then we're gonna fill that in with a dark blue to go with something like that.
Then using our brush tool with a hard edge we're going to grab a little bit lighter blue
than holding clicking and holding down shift and clicking oops Let's bring our capacity up.
Try that again.
I'm going to create two lines across the top of our doorway.
Awesome.
Now let's create our windows so we'll add a new layer then with our marquee tool will create a rectangle
and will fill that in with our dark color and this doorway.
Then we'll come back to our blue color and using our brush.
We're going to create a line down the side
and then we'll grab a little bit lighter of a color are actually going to go with this color and we're
going to create a line on the top like so
now let's select that and copy it paste it then we'll go command T and then we're going to flip it horizontal
like that and we'll grab him and put some distance between them.
Then we're going to merge those layers.
Now we'll grab them
then using our command.
We're going to shrink them down a bit
then and we're going to warp them
and we just want to warp them to the curve of our cylinder
just like that.
And we move them up
and creating our doorways and windows are as simple as that